hi everybody it's me mr. hands and I'm
here with Bobby hi everyone I am so
excited to do because we're gonna get
there after not I demand after nuts
yeah Bobby you love them and we got a
lot of Octonauts here on four-time TV
like this one right here this is the
company and barnacles
yes he's cool with a K he well barnacles
comes with the Gump be verticals in his
actual little outfit for diving and it
comes with a ray and a net to help
rescue the Ray when verticals is out and
about in the Gump T he is going home
it's a hint
well Bobby let's open up the Gump T and
see exactly what it looks like on the
inside maybe we can do some playtime
with it whenever cool Bobby
yes awareness your hands already nothing
the head the Gump team barnacles is from
fisher-price is for three and up and it
comes with everything you see here and
what's really cool is when you turn it
on the back
look what barnacles can do he can die if
cuz this is on a percent
bathtime approved you can use this in
the water the manta ray changes color
and barnacles you hook up this little
tubing to him and press on the fin and
he dives isn't that really cool how
that's cool isn't it Bobby this is the
bathtub well let's go ahead and use some
toy time magic and open up the Gump D
fast forward motion time
so what do you think Bobby where is your
hand ticklish right
ha I love it empty what is it - well
Bobby you have barnacles in his suit and
you can hook him up to the Gump Dee and
you press back here on the back and
he'll dive and you know what's also
really cool - Bobby wait mitchie means
when you take the net how hard it's for
you okay you put the net on like that on
your press on the back fin here and well
you kind of sea creature and you're
helping rescue it because it's wounded
yeah mr. huge protecting they risk as if
it is yes they do
well Bobby this is kind of cool I think
this will make for a great toy time
pretend time yes admissions
cotton do you read me
gotten all read you cousin they've been
reports of manta rays in that area and
something attacking them there's one
that's injured on our radar can you help
it
beam I see one of the manta rays now I'm
going to help by catching it in my net
right bring it back to the octopod or
rescue
don't worry manta ray I'm here to help
I've got the manta ray I'm bringing it
in to pay so it's more rescue breathing
well Bobby did you have fun today Oh
Bobby when we finish playing with
pretend time on toy time TV we want to
make sure to put everything away and
this little cord right here yeah
anything it goes on the bottom of the
Gump Deaver storage see that Miami's
huge it's very cool
anyway we lose it yes I know Bobby you
won't lose it if you put it on the Gumby
well I'm glad you had fun today Bobby
and you can take this home and add it to
your octonaut collection wow thank you
mister well be sure to stay tuned for
more toy time TV videos at the end of
this but also give us a thumbs up we
love thumbs ups don't we Bobby would you
like everyone to give us a thumbs up on
this video yeah please give us a thumbs
up because mean laughs and also be sure
to subscribe to this channel and give us
a cameo yeah if you leave a comment
Bobby will respond to back to you or
I'll respond back to you for Bobby
because Bobby's always with me and here
he's learning to read and write but you
know he's not quite there but he'll tell
me what to put down yeah hey cuz I'm
only 5 well yes you are Bobby well guys
I hope you've enjoyed this and like I
said be sure to stay tuned to the end
for a link to subscribe and work for
time to videos say bye to everyone Bobby
bye everyone
bye everyone see you next time